Go to Scratch for Budding Computer Scientists (link on bit.ly/SAHSCS) and answer the
following questions.

You will need to create a file that is named your username and paste your answers in it.
After you have completed the questions, submit a pull request in this same repository.

1) Why is there such a "learning curve" when learning a traditional programming
language such as Java?
There is a learning curve because you have to know the language before you can get started.

2) What is learning to program ultimately about?
Learning to program is ultimately about learning to think logically and to approach problems methodically.

3) How does Scratch "lower the bar" to programming?
Scratch lowers the bar by giving you the codes. You just have to piece them together

4) What is a statement in a programming language?
A statement is simply a directive that tells the computer to do something.

5) What is a Boolean expression?
 A Boolean expression is an expression that is either true or false.

6) What is a conditional statement?
 A condition is something that must be true in order for something to happen.

7) What is a loop used for in a programming language?
 A loop can induce multiple executions of statements.

8) What is the difference between a local variable and a global variable?
 A local variable can be used by just one sprite; a global variable can be used by all of your sprites. 

9) What is a Boolean variable?
A variable that only takes on a value of true (i.e., 1) or false (i.e., 0), incidentally. 

10) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered threads?
Any block whose label begins with "when" essentially demarks the start of a thread

11) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered event handlers?
Blocks whose labels begin with "broadcast" signal events whereas blocks whose labels begin with "when" handle events.

12) How many sprites are implemented in Oscartime?
8 sprites are implemented in oscartime

13) How many threads are used to display the Oscartime game instructions?
One thread is used to display the instructions

14) How many threads are used by Oscartime's Oscar sprite?
3 threads were used by Oscartime's Oscar sprite.

15) What programming constructs does Scratch NOT support?
Scratch does not support the following: methods, which allow you pass control of execution from one sequence of blocks to another;
parameters, which allow you to influence the behavior of methods;
return values, which allow one sequence of blocks to "return" information to another;
inheritance and polymorphism, which allow relationships to exist among data structures.
